>> Jen Kramer: So
Emma says let's add a hover state,
which I think is a great idea because
then it will look more buttony than ever.
So button color,
how do we add that button one?
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: :hover.
>> Jen Kramer: button:hover, right?
We don't need any As, it's just a button.
And when we hover over the button,
we want something to happen.
So just button:hover.
And I have a background color I already
picked, but you could pick your own.
So I'll just make my
background color white.
>> Speaker 3: You spelled
button incorrectly.
>> Jen Kramer: [LAUGH] You gotta
spell button correctly, sorry.
And my color will be this bb342F.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, now you'll be
able to see this on the screen.
Okay, so the hover state worked,
>> Jen Kramer: Pretty good.
Lots of things you could do here
to make a fun kind of button and
you could spend a lot of time on this,
all right.
How's everybody doing so far, okay?
Do we have any questions online?
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah?
>> Speaker 2: There is
one about the text area.
They're wondering how to
implement max character, thanks.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah,
I actually I addressed that on the break.
There is a property for it, if you go
to the Mozilla Developer Network for
text area, it's listed there on the page.
And I think it's something like max length
is the attribute, if I remember right.